docs: Add contributing documentation (#27)
lacework/terraform-aws-config: DEVELOPER_GUIDELINES.md

### Scope
The optional scope refers to the section that this commit belongs to, for example, changing a specific component or service, a directive, pipes, etc. 
Think about it as an indicator that will let the developers know at first glance what section of your code you are changing.

A few good examples are:

feat(client):
docs(cli):
chore(tests):
ci(directive):

### Subject
The subject should contain a short description of the change, and written in present-tense, for example, use “add” and not “added”,  or “change” and not “changed”. 
I like to fill this sentence below to understand what should I put as my description of my change:

If applied, this commit will ________________________________________.

### Body
The body should contain a longer description of the change, try not to repeat the subject and keep it in the present tense as above. 
Put as much context as you think it is needed, don’t be shy and explain your thought process, limitations, ideas for new features or fixes, etc.

### Footer
The footer is used to reference issues, pull requests or breaking changes, for example, “Fixes ticket #123”.

## Signing commits

> Signed commits are required any contribution to this project. Please see github's documentiation on configuring signed commits, [tell git about your signing key](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/managing-commit-signature-verification/telling-git-about-your-signing-key) and [signing commits](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signed commits are required for any contribution to this project. Please see Github's documentation on configuring signed commits, [tell git about your signing key](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/managing-commit-signature-verification/telling-git-about-your-signing-key) and [signing commits](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits) 
```
